Add TiDB Dashboard documents (#2668)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-overview.md

---
title: Overview Page
summary: Learn the overview page of TiDB Dashboard.
category: how-to
---

# Overview Page

This page shows the overview of the entire TiDB cluster, including the following information:

- Queries per second (QPS) of the entire cluster.
- The query latency of the entire cluster.
- The SQL statements that have cumulated the longest execution time over the recent period.
- The slow queries whose execution time over the recent period exceeds the threshold.
- The node count and status of each instance.
- Monitor and alert messages.

> ## Enter the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access
```

> ## Enter the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access the page
```

> After logging into TiDB Dashboard, the overview page is entered by default, or you can click **Overview** on the left navigation bar to enter this page:

Author: `menu` is right.

> After logging into TiDB Dashboard, the overview page is entered by default, or you can click **Overview** on the left navigation bar to enter this page:

Author: ```suggestion
After logging into TiDB Dashboard, the overview page is entered by default, or you can click **Overview** on the left navigation menu to enter this page:
```

![Enter overview page](/media/dashboard/dashboard-overview-access.png)

## QPS

This area shows the number of successful and failed queries per second for the entire cluster over the recent hour:

![QPS](/media/dashboard/dashboard-overview-qps.png)

> **Note:**
>

> > This feature is available only in the cluster where the Prometheus monitoring component is deployed. If Prometheus is not deployed, there will be a display failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is available only in the cluster where the Prometheus monitoring component is deployed. If Prometheus is not deployed, an error will be displayed.
```

## Latency

This area shows the latency of 99.9%, 99%, and 90% of queries in the entire cluster over the recent one hour:

> ![Latency](/media/dashboard/dashboard-overview-latency.png)

Reviewer 2: This image has Chinese characters "延迟". Please replace it with the English version.

Author: Replaced

> **Note:**
>

> > This feature is available only on the cluster where the Prometheus monitoring component is deployed. If Prometheus is not deployed, there will be a display failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is available only on the cluster where the Prometheus monitoring component is deployed. If Prometheus is not deployed, an error will be displayed.
```

> ## Top SQL statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Top SQL Statements
```

> This area shows the ten types of SQL statements that have accumulated the longest execution time in the entire cluster over the recent period. SQL statements with different query parameters but of the same structure are classified into the same SQl type of and displayed in the same row:

Reviewer 3: `same SQl type of and` --> `same SQL type`?

Reviewer 3: Still remain the `SQl` which should be `SQL`.

Author: Fixed.

![Top SQL](/media/dashboard/dashboard-overview-top-statements.png)

> The information shown in this area is consistent with the more detailed [SQL Statements Page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md). You can click the **Top SQL Statements** heading to view the complete list. For details of the columns on this table, see [SQL Statements Page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The information shown in this area is consistent with the more detailed [SQL Statements Page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md). You can click the **Top SQL Statements** heading to view the complete list. For details of the columns in this table, see [SQL Statements Page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md).
```

> The information shown in this area is consistent with the more detailed [SQL statement analysis page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md). You can click the **Top SQL Statements** heading to view the complete list. For details of the columns on this table, see [SQL statement analysis page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information shown in this area is consistent with the more detailed [SQL Statements Page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md). You can click the **Top SQL Statements** heading to view the complete list. For details of the columns on this table, see [SQL Statements Page](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md).
```

> **Note:**
>

> > This feature is available only on the cluster where SQL statement analysis is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is available only on the cluster where SQL Statements feature is enabled.
```

> ## Recent slow queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Recent Slow Queries
```

By default, this area shows the latest 10 slow queries in the entire cluster over the recent 30 minutes:

![Recent slow queries](/media/dashboard/dashboard-overview-slow-query.png)

> By default, the SQL query that is executed longer than 300 milliseconds is counted as a slow query and displayed on the table. You can change this threshold using the [tidb_slow_log_threshold](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_slow_log_threshold) variable or the [slow-threshold](/tidb-configuration-file.md#slow-threshold) TiDB parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the SQL query that is executed longer than 300 milliseconds is counted as a slow query and displayed on the table. You can change this threshold by modifying the [tidb_slow_log_threshold](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_slow_log_threshold) variable or the [slow-threshold](/tidb-configuration-file.md#slow-threshold) TiDB parameter.
```

> By default, the SQL query that is executed longer than 300 millisecond is counted as a slow query and displayed in the table. You can change this threshold using the [tidb_slow_log_threshold](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_slow_log_threshold) variable or the[slow-threshold](/tidb-configuration-file.md#slow-threshold) TiDB parameter.

Reviewer 3: `the[slow-threshold]`, it should have space after `the`.

> The content displayed in this area is consistent with the more detailed [slow query page](/dashboard/dashboard-slow-query.md). You can click the **Recent Slow Queries** title to view the complete list. For details of the columns in this table, see this [slow query page](/dashboard/dashboard-slow-query.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content displayed in this area is consistent with the more detailed [Slow Queries Page](/dashboard/dashboard-slow-query.md). You can click the **Recent Slow Queries** title to view the complete list. For details of the columns in this table, see this [Slow Queries Page](/dashboard/dashboard-slow-query.md).
```

> **Note:**
>
> This feature is available only in the cluster with slow query logs enabled. By default, slow query logs are enabled in the cluster deployed using TiUP or TiDB Ansible.

## Instances

This area summarizes the total number of instances and abnormal instances of TiDB, TiKV, PD, and TiFlash in the entire cluster:

![Instances](/media/dashboard/dashboard-overview-instances.png)

The statuses in the image above are described as follows:

- Up: The instance is running properly (including the offline storage instance).

> - Down: The instance is running abnormally, such as network disconnection, process panic, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Down: The instance is running abnormally, such as network disconnection, process crash, and so on.
```

> Click the **Instance** title to enter the [cluster information page](/dashboard/dashboard-cluster-info.md) that shows the detailed running status of each instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Instance** title to enter the [Cluster Info Page](/dashboard/dashboard-cluster-info.md) that shows the detailed running status of each instance.
```
